Update Cloud Documentation for Custom Domains (#1640)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/installation-guide/cloud.adoc

image::installation-guides/cloud/custom-url-verification-instructions.png[Pending verification instructions screen.,width=1200,role=bottom-cropped]

After a few minutes, you'll be shown a set of records which you'll have to add to your DNS. Once validated, the status will move to `Issued.` No further action is required at this point.

image::installation-guides/cloud/custom-url-issued.png[Pending verification custom url is in a pending state.,width=1200,role=bottom-cropped]

Custom domains are currently only offered for Business and HA Cloud deployments.
If you are using Basic Cloud, upgrade to a supported deployment type to enable a custom domain name.

=== Updating with Existing Custom Domain(s)

> It is common to have a custom domain already implemented (for illustrative purposes, let's say `auth.piedpiper.com`), and need to add second domain (currently offered only on High Availability Hosting), such as `second-auth.piedpiper.com` with minimal impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is common to have one custom domain already associated with your deployment, such as `auth.piedpiper.com`, and need to add another domain, such as `second-auth.piedpiper.com` without affecting the first domain. The ability to add multiple domains is only available for on HA Cloud deployments.
```

> Before making any modifications, the use of `auth.piedpiper.com` will have created two records in your DNS provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up `auth.piedpiper.com` created two records in your DNS provider:
```

> 1. **A Validation Record CNAME** - adding this CNAME to your DNS authorizes FusionAuth Cloud to use `auth.piedpiper.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **A Validation Record CNAME** - adding this CNAME to your DNS authorizes FusionAuth Cloud to use `auth.piedpiper.com`
```

To avoid issues with renumbering.

>     - `[random-value].auth.piedpiper.com. CNAME [random-value].acm-validations.aws.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[random-value].auth.piedpiper.com. CNAME [random-value].acm-validations.aws.`
```

> 2. **A Vanity URL CNAME** - this CNAME will actually route traffic from `https://auth.piedpiper.com` to your FusionAuth deployment, `https://piedpiperdeployment.fusionauth.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **A Vanity URL CNAME** - this CNAME will actually route traffic from `https://auth.piedpiper.com` to your FusionAuth deployment, `https://piedpiperdeployment.fusionauth.io`
```

>     - `auth.piedpiper.com CNAME [uuid].durable.fusionauth.io` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auth.piedpiper.com CNAME [uuid].durable.fusionauth.io` or `auth.piedpiper.com CNAME piedpiperdeployment.fusionauth.io`
```

>     - `auth.piedpiper.com CNAME piedpiperdeployment.fusionauth.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> When updating your domain name, FusionAuth Cloud will display these same two records, as well as additional sets of two records for each custom domain requested. Best practice is to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FusionAuth Cloud will display these same two records, as well as additional sets of two records for each custom domain requested. 

Best practice is to:
```

> 1. Add the vanity URL CNAMEs first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the vanity URL CNAMEs.
```

> 2. Wait for DNS propagation to occur,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Wait for DNS propagation to occur.
```

> 3. Add additional validation record CNAMEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the validation record CNAMEs.
```

This ensures users will always be able to access your FusionAuth deployment at the original `auth.piedpiper.com` domain, even as you add subsequent custom domains (`second-auth.piedpiper.com`, for instance). Until the changes are confirmed in DNS, the state will remain `Issued with Updated Pending`. Once the DNS records are added and verification is complete, the status will return to `Issued`.

image::installation-guides/cloud/custom-url-issued-with-pending.png[Pending verification custom url is in a issued state.,width=1200,role=bottom-cropped]

==== What is a Durable FusionAuth CNAME?

If you have an exiting custom domain, you might have an existing vanity URL with a CNAME similar to this:

    - `auth.piedpiper.com CNAME piedpiper-deployment-prod.fusionauth.io`

> You may notice FusionAuth Cloud now supports a `[uuid].durable.fusionauth.io` CNAME. This durable url will not change and is functionally equivalent to the above vanity URL. Using this updated CNAME will enable use of Disaster Recovery services should you require them at a later point (you can inquire with our Sales team if Disaster Recovery becomes a business requirement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may notice FusionAuth Cloud now supports a `[uuid].durable.fusionauth.io` CNAME where `[uuid]` is a uuid such as `3ffe6da1-e6f5-4be4-96e0-5dabdf42fd68`. This durable url will not change and is functionally equivalent to the above vanity URL. Using this updated CNAME will enable use of Disaster Recovery services should you require them at a later point (you can inquire with our Sales team if Disaster Recovery becomes a business requirement).
```

>     - `auth.piedpiper.com CNAME [uuid].durable.fusionauth.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auth.piedpiper.com CNAME [uuid].durable.fusionauth.io`
```
